.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetGetError 3 "May 15, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetGetError
\- return the last error condition
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "GLenum icetGetError(void);"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Retrieves the first error or warning condition that occurred since the last
call to
.B icetGetError
or since program startup, whichever happened last.
.PP
Once an error condition has been retrieved with
.BR icetGetError ,
the error condition is reset to no error and cannot be retrieved again.
.SH RETURN VALUE
One of the following flags will be returned:
.TP 20
.B ICET_NO_ERROR
No error has been raised since the last call to
.BR icetGetError .
.TP
.B ICET_SANITY_CHECK_FAIL
An internal error (or warning) has occurred.
.TP
.B ICET_INVALID_ENUM
A function has been passed an invalid constant.
.TP
.B ICET_BAD_CAST
A function has been passed a value of the wrong type.
.TP
.B ICET_OUT_OF_MEMORY
.B ICE-T
has ran out of memory for buffer space.
.TP
.B ICET_INVALID_OPERATION
An inappropriate function has been called.
.TP
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
An inappropriate value has been passed to a function.
.SH BUGS
It is not possible to tell if the returned value was caused by an error or
a warning.
.SH NOTES
The error value is not context dependent.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetDiagnostics


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
