.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetCreateContext 3 "June  2, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetCreateContext
\- creates a new context.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "IceTContext icetCreateContext(IceTCommunicator " comm ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B icetCreateContext
creates a new context, makes it current, and returns a handle to the new
context.
.PP
Like OpenGL, the ICE-T engine behaves like a large state
machine.  The parameters for engine operation is held in the current
state.  The entire state is encapsulated in a context.  Each new context
contains its own copy of the state.
.PP
It is therefore possible to change the entire current state of ICE-T by
simply switch contexts.  Switching contexts is much faster than trying to
change many state parameters.
.SH ERRORS
None
.SH WARNINGS
None
.SH BUGS
It may be tempting to use contexts to run different ICE-T operations on
separate program threads.  Although certainly possible, great care must be
taken.  First of all, all threads will share the same context.  Second of
all, ICE-T is not thread safe.  Therefore, a multi-threaded program would
have to run all ICE-T commands in `critical sections' to ensure that the
correct context is being used, and the methods execute safely in general.
.SH NOTES
.B icetCreateContext
duplicates the communicator
.IR comm .
Thus, to avoid deadlocks on certain implementations (such as MPI), the user
level program should call
.B icetCreateContext
on all processes with the same
.I comm
object at about the same time.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetDestroyContext ", " icetGetContext ", "
.BR icetSetContext ", " icetCopyState ", " icetGet


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
