.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetCopyState 3 "July 21, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetCopyState
\- copy state machine of one context to another.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetCopyState(IceTContext " dest ", const IceTContext " src ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B icetCopyState
function replaces the state of
.I dest
with the current state of
.IR src .
This function can be used to quickly duplicate a context.
.PP
The
.B IceTCommunicator
object associated with
.I dest
is
.I not
changed (nor can it ever be).  Consequently, the following state values are
not copied either, since they refer to process ids that are directly tied
to the
.B IceTCommunicator
object:
.BR ICET_RANK ", " ICET_NUM_PROCESSES ", "
.BR ICET_DATA_REPLICATION_GROUP ", " ICET_DATA_REPLICATION_GROUP_SIZE ", "
.BR ICET_COMPOSITE_ORDER ", and " ICET_PROCESS_ORDERS .
However, every other state parameter is copied.
.SH ERRORS
None.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
The state is copied blindly.  It is therefore possible to copy states that
are invalid for a context's communicator.  For example, a display rank may
not refer to a valid process id.
.SH NOTES
Behavior is undefined if
.IR dest " or " src
has never been created or has already been destroyed.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetCreateContext ", " icetGetContext ", " icetSetContext


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
