.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetStrategy 3 "July 10, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetStrategy
\- set the strategy used to composite images.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetStrategy(IceTStrategy " strategy ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B ICE-T
API comes packaged with several algorithms for compositing images.  The
algorithm to use is determined by selecting a
.IB strategy .
The strategy is selected with
.BR icetStrategy .
A strategy must be selected before
.B icetDrawFrame
is called.
.PP
The
.I strategy
is of type
.BR IceTStrategy .
This is an opaque type.  There are no conventions to create or change an
.BR IceTStrategy ,
but there are several predefined strategies to select from.  They are:
.TP 8
.B ICET_STRATEGY_SERIAL
Basically applies a `traditional' single tile composition (such as binary
swap) to each tile in the order they were defined.  Because each process
must take part in the composition of each tile regardless of whether they
draw into it, this strategy is usually very inefficient when compositing
for more than tile.  It is provided mostly for comparative purposes.
.TP
.B ICET_STRATEGY_DIRECT
As each process renders an image for a tile, that image is sent directly
to the process that will display that tile.  This usually results in a
few processes receiving and processing the majority of the data, and is
therefore usually an inefficient strategy.
.TP
.B ICET_STRATEGY_SPLIT
Like
.BR ICET_STRATEGY_DIRECT ,
except that the tiles are split up, and each process is assigned a piece of
a tile in such a way that each process receives and handles about the same
amount of data.  This strategy is often very efficient, but due to the
large amount of messages passed, it has not proven to be very scalable or
robust.
.TP
.B ICET_STRATEGY_REDUCE
A two phase algorithm.  In the first phase, tile images are redistributed
such that each process has one image for one tile.  In the second phase, a
`traditional' single tile composition is performed for each tile.  Since
each process contains an image for only one tile, all these compositions
may happen simultaneously.  This is a well rounded strategy that seems to
perform well in a wide variety of applications.
.TP
.B ICET_STRATEGY_VTREE
An extension to the binary tree algorithm for image composition.  Sets up a
`virtual' composition tree for each tile image.  Processes that belong to
multiple trees (because they render to more than one tile) are allowed to
float between trees.  This strategy is not quite as well load balanced as
.BR ICET_STRATEGY_REDUCE " or " ICET_STRATEGY_SPLIT ,
but has very well behaved network communication.
.PP
Not all of the strategies support ordered image composition.
.BR ICET_STRATEGY_SERIAL
does support ordered image composition.
.BR ICET_STRATEGY_DIRECT ", " ICET_STRATEGY_SPLIT ", "
.BR ICET_STRATEGY_REDUCE ", and " ICET_STRATEGY_VTREE
do not support ordered image composition and will ignore
.B ICET_ORDERED_COMPOSITE
if it is enabled.
.SH ERRORS
None.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
Use the
.B ICET_STRATEGY_SPLIT
strategy with care.  It has proven to be unreliable on several high-speed
interconnects.  Avoid using it at all in a production application.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetDrawFrame ", " icetGetStrategyName


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
