.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetEnable/Disable 3 "August 12, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.BR icetEnable ", " icetDisable
\- enable/disable an
.B ICE-T
feature.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetEnable(GLenum " pname ");"
.BI "void icetDisable(GLenum " pname ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.BR icetEnable " and " icetDisable
functions turn various
.B ICE-T
features on and off.
.I pname
is a symbolic constant representing the feature to be turned on or off.
Valid values for
.I pname
are:
.TP 20
.B ICET_CORRECT_COLORED_BACKGROUND
Colored backgrounds are problematic when performing color blended
compositing in that the background color will be additively blended from
each image.  Enabling this flag will internally cause the color to be
reset to black and then cause the color to be blended back into the
resulting images.  This flag is disabled by default.
.TP
.B ICET_DISPLAY
If enabled, the final, composited image for each tile is written back to
the frame buffer before the return of
.BR icetDrawFrame .
This flag is enabled by default.
.TP
.B ICET_DISPLAY_COLORED_BACKGROUND
If this and
.B ICET_DISPLAY
are enabled, uses OpenGL blending to ensure that all background is set to
the correct color.  This flag is disabled by default.  This option does not
affect the images returned from
.BR icetGetColorBuffer " or " icetGetDepthBuffer ;
it only affects the image in the OpenGL color buffer.
.TP
.B ICET_DISPLAY_INFLATE
If this and
.B ICET_DISPLAY
are enabled and the renderable window is larger then the displayed tile (as
determined by the current OpenGL viewport), then resample the image to fit
within the renderable window before writing back to frame buffer.  This
flag is disabled by default.  This option does not affect the images
returned from
.BR icetGetColorBuffer " or " icetGetDepthBuffer ;
it only affects the image in the OpenGL color buffer.
.TP
.B ICET_FLOATING_VIEWPORT
If enabled, the projection will be shifted such that the geometry will be
rendered in one shot whenever possible, even if the geometry straddles up
to four tiles.  This flag is enabled by default.
.TP
.B ICET_ORDERED_COMPOSITE
If enabled, the image composition will be performed in the order specified
by the last call to
.BR icetCompositeOrder ,
assuming the current strategy (specified by a call to
.BR icetStrategy )
supports ordered composition.  Generally, you want to enable ordered
compositing if doing color blending and disable if you are doing z-buffer
comparisons.  If enabled, you should call
.B icetCompositeOrder
between each frame to update the image order as camera angles change.
This flag is disabled by default.
.SH ERRORS
.TP 20
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
If
.I pname
is not a feature to be enabled or disabled.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
The check for a valid
.I pname
is not thorough, and thus the
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
error may not always be raised.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetIsEnabled


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
