.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2003 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetDataReplicationGroup 3 "July 21, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T"
.SH NAME
.B icetDataReplicationGroup
\- define data replication.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetDataReplicationGroup(GLint " size ", const GLint *" processes ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ICE-T
has the ability to take advantage of geometric data that is replicated
amongst processes.  If a group of processes share the same geometry data,
then
.B ICE-T
will split the region of the display that the data projects onto amongst
the processes, thereby reducing the total amount of image composition work
that needs to be done.
.PP
Each group is declared by calling
.B icetDataReplicationGroup
and defining the group of processes that share the geometry with the local
process.
.I size
indicates how many processes belong to the group, and
.I processes
is an array of ids of processes that belong to the group.  Each process
that belongs to a particular group must call
.B icetDataReplicationGroup
with the exact same list of processes in the same order.
.PP
By default, each process belongs to a group of size one containing just the
local processes (i.e. there is no data replication).
.SH ERRORS
.TP 20
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
.I processes
does not contain the local process rank.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
.B ICE-T
assumes that
.B icetDataRepliactionGroup
is called with the exact same parameters on all processes belonging to a
given group.  Likewise,
.B ICE-T
also assumes that all processes have called
.BR icetBoundingVertices " or " icetBoundingBox*
with the exact same parameters on all processes belonging to a given
group.  This requirment is not strictly enforced, but failing to do so may
cause some of the geometry to not be rendered.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetDrawFunc ", " icetBoundingVertices


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
