.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetInputOutputBuffers 3 "April  6, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetInputOutputBuffers
\- set
.B ICE-T
composition mode.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetInputOutputBuffers(GLenum " inputs ", GLenum " outputs ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B icetInputOutputBuffers
sets what OpenGL frame buffers
.B ICE-T
reads and generates.  During a call to
.BR icetDrawFrame ", " ICE-T
reads the input buffers directly from OpenGL after it performs a callback
to the draw function (set by
.BR icetDrawFunc ).
Output buffers are stored internally after the call to
.B icetDrawFrame
finishes.  The output buffers can be retrieved with calls to the
.BR icetGetColorBuffer " and " icetGetDepthBuffer
functions.  In addition, if the color buffer output is on and
.B ICET_DISPLAY
is enabled, the color buffer is also written back to the OpenGL frame
buffer before
.B icetDrawFrame
returns.
.PP
Both
.IR inputs " and " outputs
are or'ed values of one or more of the following flags:
.TP
.B ICET_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT
Reads/generates color data.  Color data is stored in RGBA or BGRA format.
Each channel is 8-bits, resulting in a 32-bit word when combined together.
Each 32-bit color value is always aligned on 32-bit word boundaries for
faster computation.
.TP
.B ICET_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT
Reads/generates depth data.  Depth data is stored as 32-bit unsigned
integers.
.PP
The current values of the input and output buffers are stored in the
.BR ICET_INPUT_BUFFERS " and " ICET_OUTPUT_BUFFERS
state variables.  By default, the
.B ICET_INPUT_BUFFERS
value is set to
.RB ( ICET_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT " | " ICET_DEPTH_BUFFER_BIT ),
and the
.B ICET_OUTPUT_BUFFERS
value is set to
.BR ICET_COLOR_BUFFER_BIT .
.PP
The composition operator
.B ICE-T
uses is defined by the inputs.  If the depth buffer is an input, then Z
comparison is performed.  If the depth buffer is not an input, alpha
blending is performed.  Note that in the latter case, order of composition
may matter and therefore not all composition strategies will work.
.SH ERRORS
.TP 20
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
An output was selected that is not also an input or no outputs were
selected at all.
.SH BUGS
Blending of colors cannot be used in conjunction with depth testing.  Even
with depth testing, the order of operation for color blending is important,
so such a combination is not likely to be useful.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetGetColorBuffer ", " icetGetDepthBuffer ", " icetDrawFrame


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
