.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetSetContext 3 "March 12, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetSetContext
\- changes the current context.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "void icetSetContext(IceTContext " context ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B icetSetContext
function sets the ICE-T state machine to work with the context defined by
.I context
and the state associated with it.
.SH ERRORS
.TP 20
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
.I context
is not valid.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
None known.
.SH NOTES
The behavior of
.B icetSetContext
is somewhat indeterminate if
.I context
is not valid.  Usually, an
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
error will be raised, but it is possible that the context will be set to
some other context.  Under any circumstances, a valid context will be
current when this function returns.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetGetContext ", " icetCreateContext ", " icetCopyState


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
