.\" -*- nroff -*-
.ig
Documentation for the Image Composition Engine for Tiles (ICE-T).

Copyright (C) 2000-2002 Sandia National Laboratories

Id
..
.TH icetAddTile 3 "July 10, 2003" "Sandia National Labs" "ICE-T Reference"
.SH NAME
.B icetAddTile
\- add a tile to the logical display.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <GL/ice-t.h>
.sp
.BI "int icetAddTile(GLint " x ", GLint " y ","
.BI "                GLsizei " width ", GLsizei " height ","
.BI "                int " display_rank ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Adds a tile to the tiled display.  Every process, whether actually
displaying a tile or not, must declare the tiles in the display and which
processes drive them with
.BR icetResetTiles " and " icetAddTile .
Thus, each process calls
.B icetAddTile
once for each tile in the display, and all processes must declare them in
the same order.
.PP
The parameters
.IR x ", " y ", " width ", and " height
define the tiles viewport in the logical global display much in the same
way
.B glViewport
declares a region in a physical display.
.B ICE-T
places no limits on the extents of the logical global display.  That is,
there are no limits on the values of
.IR x " and " y .
They can extend as far as they want in both the positive and negative
directions.
.PP
.B ICE-T
will project its images onto the region of the logical global display that
just covers all of the tiles.  Therefore, shifting all the tiles in the
logical global display by the same amount will have no real overall
effect.
.PP
The
.I display_rank
parameter identifies the rank of the process that will be displaying the
given tile.  It is assumed that the output of the rendering window of the
given process is projected onto the space in a tiled display given by
.IR x ", " y ", " width ", and " height .
Each tile must have a valid rank (between
.BR 0 " and " ICET_NUM_PROCESSES - 1 ).
Furthermore, no process may be displaying more than one tile.
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns the index of the tile created.
.SH ERRORS
.TP 20
.B ICET_INVALID_VALUE
Raised if
.I display_rank
is not a valid process rank or
.I display_rank
is already assigned to another tile.  If this error is raised, nothing is
done and -1 is returned.
.SH WARNINGS
None.
.SH BUGS
.B icetAddTile
will let you add tiles of different sizes, but the use of different sized
tiles is not yet supported.  The user should try to make sure that all
tiles are of the same size.
.PP
All processes must specify the same tiles in the same order.
.B ICE-T
will assume this even though it is not explicitly detected or enforced.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2003 Sandia Corporation
.br
Under the terms of Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000, there is a non-exclusive
license for use of this work by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that this Notice and any statement of
authorship are reproduced on all copies.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR icetResetTiles ", " icetDisplayNodes


\" These are emacs settings that go at the end of the file.
\" Local Variables:
\" writestamp-format:"%B %e, %Y"
\" writestamp-prefix:"3 \""
\" writestamp-suffix:"\" \"Sandia National Labs\""
\" End:
